#labels ReplicaIsland,Featured,Tiled,Eclipse
#Help for First Time Android Developers

= Introduction =
So you've decided to develop for Android? Well you've made an excellent choice! My aim with this open source project is to provide an easy to use resource for someone just like you! 

Below you'll find the first few steps for making your computer a game developing machine with links to various GameDev related programs. If you will be using my future tutorials, I highly recommend you download all the files and programs listed here.

==*Step One*==

Before you can begin developing your going to need a development environment. My program of choice is *Eclipse* (basically just a fancy text editor, but this is what I will be using for all of my future tutorials). Android has already provided a great download link one the page linked below.

[http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ADT Eclipse]

Great so now you have a Development Environment to start working on your apps! Now let's move into some more programs you will need for this specific engine.

==*Step Two*==

*Android Bird's Eye* uses the same level building system as _*Replica Island*_ and while it takes some getting used to, devoted users have created a program that is now able to streamline the map making process. It's called *Tiled*, which you may have heard of, but the link below will already have the plug-in you need installed for RI map making.

[https://docs.google.com/leaf?id=0B0GnkjGeZLkPMjY0OTk3YWQtZTA0NC00ODQ5LWJlYjMtNDk1OTBjMTBiNWE1&sort=name&layout=list&num=50&pli=1 Tiled]

To open the file you will need a program called *Rarzilla* (basically works like unzipping a folder). You can find it through the link below.

[http://download.cnet.com/RarZilla-Free-Unrar/3000-2250_4-10647724.html RarZilla]

You've now got everything you need to start making maps, but we'll get more into the specifics of that later.

==*Step Three*==

Now you need to get my project into your Development Environment so you can start tinkering around! To make the download process easier I've compacted all the .java files into the file [https://code.google.com/p/androidbirdseye/source/browse/feralvillage.zip feralvillage.zip] under the _*Source*_ tab above. The resource files which include drawables, layouts, etc. are also compacted into the file [https://code.google.com/p/androidbirdseye/source/browse/res.zip res.zip]

So now you have everything you need downloaded to get started. I'll explain the specifics of starting a new project in the next tutorial.